[2066] Setup CI pipeline and tools to build Observer binary and docker containers (#2370)
onflow/flow-go: cmd/observer/README.md

# Observer Service

> The observer service provides a read-only point of contact to interact with the Flow network. It implements parts of the [Access API](https://docs.onflow.org/access-api/). It only implements a subset. Users, who need to change the state of the network should opt for running an Access node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The observer service provides a read-only point of contact to interact with the Flow network. It implements a subset of the [Access API](https://docs.onflow.org/access-api/). Users who need to change the state of the network should opt for running an Access node.
```

> The observer service provides a read-only point of contact to interact with the Flow network. It implements a subset of the [Access API](https://docs.onflow.org/access-api/). Users who need to change the state of the network should opt for running an Access node.
> 
> It is a gRPC scalable server which connects to a staked access node via libp2p, and forwards execute requests via gRPC.
> 
> At a high level it does the following:
> 
> 1. Forwards all read-only Script related calls (`ExecuteScriptAtLatestBlock`, `ExecuteScriptAtBlockID` and `ExecuteScriptAtBlockHeight`) to one of the access nodes that forwards it to one of the execution services.
> 2. Follows updates to the blockchain and locally caches transactions, collections, and sealed blocks.
> 3. Replies to client API calls for information such as `GetBlockByID`, `GetCollectionByID`, `GetTransaction` etc.
> 
> 
> ***NOTE**: The Observer service does not participate in the Flow protocol*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The observer service provides read-only access to the Flow network. It implements a subset of the [Access API](https://docs.onflow.org/access-api/) which is served from a local copy of the protocol data. It can be configured to proxy the remaining endpoints to an upstream staked Access Node.

At a high level it does the following:

1. Follows updates to the Flow network's protocol state, and maintains a local copy.
2. Runs a gRPC server which implements a subset of the Access API
    1. Responds to API calls for information such as `GetBlockByID`, `GetCollectionByID`, `GetTransaction` etc using its local data
    2. Forwards requests for execution state (`ExecuteScriptAt*`, `GetEvents*`, `TransactionResult`, etc) to a configured upstream staked Access Node.

***NOTE**: The Observer service does not participate in the Flow protocol*
```

Author: Fix: https://github.com/GetElastech/flow-go/commit/0c9c32c2232f7893fb43551163d7f26916fe4386
